StoryLine


Start off in the family cabin at the northern end of the map. On vacation with the family, boating, drinking by a fire... let the Player walk around, figure controls out. Play fetch with your dog. Hunt, fish. Dog stays with you. (Kind of like Timber in Far Cry 5.)

While exploring the cabin,  in the basement you stumble upon evidence your Uncle has been researching of UFO's and a possible alien race. Hints and clues lead you to believe it's all true. 
After you read the evidence it triggers the "meteor strike".
 Meteor strikes end’s up being aliens being sent to destroy earth in pods and kill everyone. 
You see a rocket shoot into the sky hitting one of the ships and a shower of color explodes in the sky. (It's the GEMS scattering across the Earth).
A colorless GEM lands close to you, you pick it up not knowing what it is, inspect it, see a strange glow inside of it and put it in your backpack. As you put it in, one of the pods lands nearby. You see it open and a grunt pops out and sees you and your family. It rushes your family, killing them one by one while you scramble to get the rifle that's above the fireplace. You grab it and turn just in time to shoot it dead. Only you and your dog remain after it kills everyone. You inspect it, trying to figure out what it is. Find out your uncle was right all along. 
Maybe have it surprised that a ballistics weapon worked, drop hints that these things aren't used to that sort of weaponry.

(Online Co-op enabled, only 3 total in your group)

You see a beacon in the sky at the south end of the map. It's the "mothership" that holds the Void Oracle. 
So you fight towards it. Through jungles, rivers, over a mountain. Through all kinds of weather. Picking up gear, ammo from dead bodies. Get into the mothership area and realize there's a few people left still fighting. By that time, you should have an array of weapons, upgraded gear to take out the Oracle. 

You take down the first Oracle. He sets a timer. (Like predator when he dies.)
Everyone starts freaking out, saying there's no hope. People give up. One shoots themselves. Big explosion occurs, knocking you down. Makes you all groggy. 

[Cutscene]

Someone shows up through a portal, you're badly beaten up, the figure grabs you and pulls you back through the portal. Remaining people run thru and you see the Oracle implode and start a black hole while looking through the portal. Some people don't make it and the camera switches to a blown up view of earth getting sucked into the black hole as it gets bigger. Finally the earth disappears and is gone forever. 

You appear on Titan (Tron style futuristic world) all groggy. You turn and lift your head trying to get answers from the figure, to see the mysterious figure open a portal back up and walk through. Portal closes and disappears. You groan and pass out. 

[Earth Purge Unlocks]

Titan(Tron Style Planet):








Hyperion(Alien Planet):

Tries to shoot a gun with bullets. Finds out that due to altered gravity,  bullets cant fly normally. Gets given a "Laser" gun. 

After you defeat the fire Oracle he self destructs and sends a ring of fire out to consume the planet. You need to get to your ship and follow the queen before the fire reaches you.






Ivides(End Game planet/ Alien Mothership):

(EndGame Cut Scene)
After Königin(Queen) dies, Player finds the tech to restore Earth. Does so and warps back to Earth 2.0. (Starting earth over, it starts it back in the prehistoric/ice age time period. Future expansion)

(Camera flips back to Ivedes's throne room where you killed the queen)

[End Cutscene]

King walks in, walks over to his almost dead Wife and says “ You just couldn’t leave it alone. I sent the boys to do a simple job, to prove their worth to the family. You had to take matters into your own hands. Take over everything. Now look at you. Stare at me like you didn’t know this was coming. You stole my throne when I was away and you had to pay for your disrespect.” He grabs the crown off of her head, he pulls her off the throne, throws her on the floor, she finally dies and he sits back on his throne. Puts his crown on his head and takes back his place as rightful king. You see Titus (King's right hand man) come in. "Great job Titus. You have done excellent work. You have made me very proud. Suggesting to save that earthling was a great idea." He stands up and says "Come Titus, we have a kingdom to take back"

Walks through a portal with Titus onto a balcony overlooking a great area with thousands of new aliens in chains. 

"I will finish what they couldnt…"

[Fades out to the credits]







